hey guys
we wish you how do you stop the hundred
foot buffer on this game we're on this
Michael you and then stick the highest
which you have downloaded and keep in
the description the link and description
okay next next next next
so now you will be going okay
scroll down to install button install it
and now people can now go to you and
take it and primary ok
again ninja navigate to light type in
yes
you tender it sometime
- just with the yes
the donor
you
golly and now we eat we don't do it okay
and then quickly power of the machine
again
you see John as you can see the game
slows down and then it okay
right like that we install Android how
installing
come on you ate
I'm gonna skip this step
anyway
and a few people attacker
I'm going to show you but push it on
that right is we do settings
scroll down and this time type version
standard push it with marco / - wait
okay so anyway
she's also know how to take device for
you that you don't have which is unity
so my this video I'm going to give you
some play and right sub thirds found on
this okay anyway thank you for watching
please subscribe I hope to see you